phaseimpute first release (v1.0.0) (#142)
nf-core/phaseimpute: README.md

[![run with docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/run%20with-docker-0db7ed?labelColor=000000&logo=docker)](https://www.docker.com/)
[![run with singularity](https://img.shields.io/badge/run%20with-singularity-1d355c.svg?labelColor=000000)](https://sylabs.io/docs/)
[![Launch on Seqera Platform](https://img.shields.io/badge/Launch%20%F0%9F%9A%80-Seqera%20Platform-%234256e7)](https://cloud.seqera.io/launch?pipeline=https://github.com/nf-core/phaseimpute)

[![Get help on Slack](http://img.shields.io/badge/slack-nf--core%20%23phaseimpute-4A154B?labelColor=000000&logo=slack)](https://nfcore.slack.com/channels/phaseimpute) [![Follow on Twitter](http://img.shields.io/badge/twitter-%40nf__core-1DA1F2?labelColor=000000&logo=twitter)](https://twitter.com/nf_core) [![Follow on Mastodon](https://img.shields.io/badge/mastodon-nf__core-6364ff?labelColor=FFFFFF&logo=mastodon)](https://mstdn.science/@nf_core) [![Watch on YouTube](http://img.shields.io/badge/youtube-nf--core-FF0000?labelColor=000000&logo=youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/c/nf-core)

## Introduction

**nf-core/phaseimpute** is a bioinformatics pipeline to phase and impute genetic data.

> <img src="docs/images/metro/phaseimpute.drawio.png" alt="metromap"/>

Reviewer: I've put back the animated metro map as it might be for understandable to user than the tools and subtools command.

Phase3,3,ALL.chr3.phase3_shapeit2_mvncall_integrated_v5a.20130502.genotypes.vcf.gz,ALL.chr3.phase3_shapeit2_mvncall_integrated_v5a.20130502.genotypes.vcf.gz.csi
```

## Running the pipeline

Execute the pipeline with the following command:

```bash
nextflow run nf-core/phaseimpute \
   -profile <docker/singularity/.../institute> \
   --input <samplesheet.csv>  \
   --genome "GRCh38" \
   --panel <phased_reference_panel.csv> \
   --steps "panelprep,impute" \
   --tools "glimpse1" \
   --outdir <OUTDIR>
```

> [!WARNING]
> Please provide pipeline parameters via the CLI or Nextflow `-params-file` option. Custom config files including those provided by the `-c` Nextflow option can be used to provide any configuration _**except for parameters**_; see [docs](https://nf-co.re/docs/usage/getting_started/configuration#custom-configuration-files).

For more details and further functionality, please refer to the [usage documentation](https://nf-co.re/phaseimpute/usage) and the [parameter documentation](https://nf-co.re/phaseimpute/parameters).

## Description of the different steps of the pipeline

Here is a short description of the different steps of the pipeline.

> For more information please refer to the [documentation](https://nf-core.github.io/phaseimpute/usage/).

Reviewer 2: [documentation](https://nf-core.github.io/phaseimpute/usage/) soems not to work

The current link does not work
```suggestion
For more information please refer to the [usage documentation](https://nf-co.re/phaseimpute/usage).
```

Reviewer: Done in #152

## Credits

nf-core/phaseimpute was originally written by Louis Le Nézet & Anabella Trigila.

We thank the following people for their extensive assistance in the development of this pipeline:

- Saul Pierotti
- Eugenia Fontecha
- Matias Romero Victorica
- Hemanoel Passarelli

## Contributions and Support

If you would like to contribute to this pipeline, please see the [contributing guidelines](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md).

For further information or help, don't hesitate to get in touch on the [Slack `#phaseimpute` channel](https://nfcore.slack.com/channels/phaseimpute) (you can join with [this invite](https://nf-co.re/join/slack)).

## Citations

<!-- TODO nf-core: Add citation for pipeline after first release. Uncomment lines below and update Zenodo doi and badge at the top of this file. -->

If you use nf-core/phaseimpute for your analysis, please cite it using the following doi: [10.5281/zenodo.XXXXXX](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.XXXXXX)

An extensive list of references for the tools used by the pipeline can be found in the [`CITATIONS.md`](CITATIONS.md) file.

> You can cite the main imputation methods as follows:

Reviewer 2: I'd leave citations of other than nf-core publications in 'CITATIONS.md' eventually I'd write: "An extensive list of references for the tools used by the pipeline, including QUILT, GLIMPSE, and STITCH, can be found in the [`CITATIONS.md`](CITATIONS.md) file.

Reviewer: Done in #152
